so the Darwin documentation project was
launched a few months ago when we
launched Darwin a couple of years ago we
made a major leap into open source with
the documentation project we made
another major leap because we recognize
that the documentation is as important
as the source code and just like the
source code it's got to be open there
have to be resources and tools out there
for you to contribute and you have to
see what we at Apple are doing so this
presentation will give you the lowdown
on everything that's going on it's going
to cover the what's changing in
documentation so we've learned a lot
from open source it's changing how we're
doing documentation you may learn a few
things about why documentation hasn't
always worked the way you wanted in the
past and why it's getting better now I'm
gonna go over with heterodox how to and
the man pages the areas of documentation
that the project covers and then we're
gonna get into some detail on what
documentation do we have related to
Darwin what documentation are we working
on and where are some great areas for
you to contribute if if you happen to
have some knowledge one big question we
get is well what is the Darwin
documentation project cover Darwin
documentation covers what Darwin covers
and probably most people in this room
are aware of what that is but here's a
quick summary obviously that's the mock
BSD kernel kernel extensions system
framework command line environment
network services now one of the things
that people notice is that our apple
writers the people contributing to the
darwin documentation project are
primarily focusing on drivers and some
basic kernel stuff some people in the
community want some other things we'll
get into some opportunities there for
people in the community to contribute
and such but I can say right up front
that our focus is definitely drivers and
and the core kernel information that you
need right now so as I mentioned you've
probably been the recipient of problems
in the traditional documentation process
meaning once you get the documentation
it's not complete or it's really late
it comes out way out to the product why
does that happen well here's the
traditional
model for documentation and it starts
with the engineer the engineer has the
information that you need and they may
write that down they may write comments
in the header file they may meet with an
it writer and tell them what that
information is
the writer gets that information they
put it together into a nice document
they get it reviewed they send it to the
editor the editor goes through it for
consistency grammar make sure that
they're communicating clearly works of
them on those things then it goes to the
production department the production
department goes through every page of
the documentation they make sure it's
paginating correctly they make the art
look good they make sure that we're
following the right template it then
goes out to the vendors and distribution
where it gets printed up into a book it
goes out into the bookstores finally it
gets to you this whole process is taken
anywhere from six to nine months now you
open the book and let's say you find a
bug or a feature missing that you want
to document it and you communicate that
back to the engineer six to nine months
later if you're lucky when the book
comes out the information that you
requested is in there or maybe it's not
maybe we didn't have time to get to it
so this is the source and even though
this is a circle this is kind of a
waterfall that I'm communicating here
this is the source of many problems and
many of the reasons that the
documentation doesn't meet your
expectations we have to follow this
sometimes there are some books for which
this is the best model large conceptual
books like the Iook at fundamentals book
that we'll talk about later which need
to discuss the whole architecture from
top to bottom provide lots of
illustrations get lots and lots of
review to make sure that we're
communicating it exactly right they got
to go through this process but you know
you read that book once and the rest of
the time you're reading the rest of the
documentation and it doesn't need to go
through that process so great we have a
broken slide okay we get together the
tech pubs managers get together about
once a year in an off-site and talk
about what is going right what's going
wrong or what we could do better and
what we can learn from our industry and
a year or two ago is my job to present
we could learn from the rest of our
industry and we sat there and scratch
their heads for a while and realized not
a whole lot at this point where Apple is
actually in a position of being really
leading-edge in the industry in terms of
our public lean methodology and what
we're doing but we knew that there was a
lot more we could do and after some
research what I discovered was that
there was an area of the software
industry that we had a lot to learn from
and that was the open source area and
they bring a new model to documentation
because the open source projects when
they created documentation projects it
was engineers who created those projects
engineers come from a code background
they believe that things should be
buildable in a source control repository
that anyone should be able to contribute
and it should be difficult these are all
brand new concepts to us in publications
so the model will see what happens these
slides here the the model in open source
is that the people at each of those
portions of the cycle that need to be
involved get involved the rest don't get
involved so we have the production team
they provide tools for everyone else but
they aren't necessarily required at each
step to get the documentation out we
have the content providers so that's and
here's a major difference in the open
source world content providers maybe the
writers but they may not be frequently
there the developers on the project or
even subject area experts who just know
a lot about it and have a lot to
communicate finally you have the
audience which is right now in Darwin
primarily developers this will also be a
course system in and users over time one
of the things to notice is that you know
developers on the content providing side
developers on the audience side so these
people you need the tools to talk to
themselves with the open source tools
and using repositories and such we cut
down on the waterfall model we instead
of having necessarily an editor in the
process it will maybe just go to the
tool and then go to the audience or in
the ideal case
and heterodox which we'll talk about in
a moment is an example of this in the
ideal case the production people provide
the tool and get out of the picture so
in the case of header doc we give you
hetero doc the developers have hetero
doc it goes directly to the audience
when they release their their product or
their header the audience can comment on
that the developer can re release it
right away or even better and this is
what's happened with it Darwin we had IO
graphics lib dot H in the i/o kit we
hadn't gotten around to getting header
doc into that yet Tori Lyons Darwin
developer noticed this and he put
together the header doc and sent it to
us so in this new model things are so
different from the old one that the
audience is now providing the
documentation to the developers this is
very exciting to us and this is where
we're focusing all of our energies so
let's talk about what it called the
ideal model there and that's hetero doc
hetero doc treats the documentation as
source code the documentation resides in
the header files in a tag format hetero
doc currently covers c and c++ projects
is very similar to Java doc tags and I'd
like to have Matt Morris come up and
show us a header doc file and we could
good so this is a heterodox file and
notice in addition to regular comments
we have right at the top a header wide
comment this is so that you can provide
some documentation related to the entire
framework or header that you're dealing
with but then most of the comments are
on a per function or type def or data
type basis so if we go down to i/o FD
create cursor it's great shared cursor
there you can see this is a so this is a
function declaration and the header doc
related to it and the thing to notice
I'll provide some detail over here first
thing to notice is that it has a special
comment format and that is slash star
bearing some people have asked us why we
did that why we didn't either use the
javadoc comment format or just a normal
comment which would just be slash star
the reason we went this way was
because first of all well we designed
hetero doc to be very similar to Java
doc it's not Java doc and it has to use
different tags because of C and C++ so
we didn't want to confuse any Java doc
processing tools and have them try to
grab this comment and do something with
it
second though we didn't want to look
like a regular comment because sometimes
as you can see here the heterodox bloons
up the size of the header we were
concerned that some engineers would not
want that to be the case in their
published headers actually so far people
don't really seem to have an issue with
it but just in case we wanted them to be
able to run a tool before they published
a header which would strip out the
header doc files but leave the normal
comments so they could leave in comments
like don't pass an OLE to this and such
and not have those stripped out of the
file so that's why we have this comment
format there's only one required tag for
a header doc comment and that's the
first tag which explains what it is
so in this case it's a function I Oh FB
create shared cursor there are a variety
of different tags depending on what you
might be identifying the rest of the
tags are optional a great one to have is
an abstract the abstract will get pulled
out in some of our tools and used in
tables of contents so people can see
quickly what it is they're going to jump
to then of course the meat of the
comment is the discussion this is
typically one to three paragraphs of
your information about what this
function does then for one or more of
the parameters however many you choose
you can provide parameter specific
documentation finally if you have a
return code you can choose to identify
what that return code is about the only
other requirement for a hetero comment
is that it's placement must be directly
above the thing that it's talking about
there can be whitespace and all that but
it has to be above so that when our Perl
tools go through and process this they
can connect the two together and make
use of them so now I'd like to have Matt
walk through the actual process of
creating some header doc here ok we can
build header doc either directly in
project builder and I'll show you how to
do that but more commonly especially for
Darwin developers you'd be building it
from the command line because you don't
have project builder to
use the command is quite simple its
header doc to HTML and that's in user
bin on your system you can give it an
output directory to drop the
documentation into - oh is for the
output directory and then you tell it
what to process and what to process can
be either a single header a group of
headers or a folder and if it's a folder
it'll recurse through the folder finding
all headers and processing them in this
case before we run this let's take a
look
we've got Iowa graphics live dot H as we
were talking about but we have a number
of other headers here too there 8
headers once in a subfolder so we
process it it's gone through the 8
headers its emits a comment for each one
that visits here you notice that it's
skipping one because it didn't find
anything of interest to document there
were no header doc comments in that
header and I know because I counted it's
gone through 8 headers and it's produced
over 50 pages of documentation so let's
look at that documentation
so we produce this folder dock and here
are the seven folders of documentation
that one per header that we've generated
and we can look at i/o graphics Lib
documentation produces a frame set of
documentation so you can open the
index.html to get there and as you can
see you've got a TOC on the left and
that app header comment that Ron pointed
out has become the opening page of your
documentation for each function you have
a link and you can see how those tags
have been converted into HTML the
function tag let's look at the one that
Ron pointed out that create shared
cursor we have a the title that was the
@ function tag abstract is here the
declaration is pulled directly from the
header this is the discussion block and
then each parameter is listed and
described in this table and the result
code follows so you have a long page of
each of the functions in the TOC you'll
see grouping headings depending on the
type of API enumerations and pound
defines and so you can print out this
documentation which would be hard to do
with a frame set there's a link at the
bottom that will open up one continuous
page of documentation and then you can
print that out it has all the functions
all the enumerations and so on okay now
that's nice that we've created a folder
of documentation for every header but be
even more convenient if there is a way
to gather this all together in a more
easily navigatable arrangement and so we
have another script gather header docx
it takes as its input the
the folder to go visit it visits every
island of documentation that header doc
created and it creates the TOC and also
adjust some links so that you can get
from the island back to the TOC and from
the TOC to the island so let's look at
what that looks like okay okay so here's
our documentation notice that now we
have this master TOC a lot of the names
of the files are configurable through a
configuration file that I'll talk about
later so if we open that you see the the
header the links to the each of the
pools of documentation and we've added a
top button here to get back to the TOC
now if one of these headers let's say
it's a event source if it described more
than just capi if it had a C++ class you
end up with more than one frame set of
documentation this is the the frame set
for the header itself and in fact
there's only one thing other than the
class of interest in it and that's that
pound to fine but there's also a class I
event source so we can go visit that and
notice that this is much like the the C
frame set except now you have member
functions and member data and within
each of those headings you have the
access type public private and so on and
your class documentation is there for
you okay
so I told you that you can build this
documentation directly in project
builder I'll show you how that's done if
you've been to any of the project
builder talks you know that their their
build phases for your targets so if you
go to the targets tab and look at this
is just an empty project that contains
my header files and look at the build
phases you'll see down here I've added
two more
these are shell script build phases and
all that does is run a script and here I
define it and this is pretty much
exactly what I ran on the command line
only difference is I'm using some
symbolic constants that project builder
knows about to tell it where to find the
source and where to put that the
documentation so I'm going to look for
the source in the source headers in the
project source and I'm going to put the
documentation in the resources folder
inside the app wrapper and after I do
that I'm going to run the second shell
script gather header dock which will go
in to that folder of documentation and
create the master TOC so let's do that
now if you look up here in the build
pain after it does the normal build
phases you'll see running by the header
dot comments I think we're about there
okay that was header doc going by
there's gather header doc so if we go
back to the files display and look in
the products now we have our application
header doc demo app and you can go in
there and we have created this folder of
documentation and here's our master TOC
and as you saw in some of the project
builder talks
we're trying to integrate the
documentation with project builders so
in a later release you'll be able to see
your documentation right there so one
last thing I'd like to show is the
documentation for header doc it is
installed in on your system it's in
developer documentation developer tools
and it comes with a header doc if you
download it from our website as well
header doc has reference to tell you
pretty much what I've just told you
about how to use it and what to expect
from it how to run it it also talks
about the configuration file I mentioned
that lets you set some of the names of
the files and then it starts discussing
how to tag your source and at the bottom
here there's a reference for all the
tags that you can use in C and C++ so if
you're wondering about function tags
well here are the tags that you can use
at function at Bram at result and for
every type of API it gives an example of
a declaration that's been tagged and for
those of you who would like to
contribute to the header doc effort and
want to play with Perl it's a fairly
nicely structured script I think that
has a parser that generates clap objects
it's an object-oriented perl script and
this is the class hierarchy of the
objects that are produced the source
code itself has a lot of comments and
there's an active mailing list that you
can sign up for to to join the effort so
I hope you use it thank you
thanks Matt and Matt is the primary
author of heterodox if we could go to
slides on both screens things so our
goals for header doc all C and C++ API
in Darwin should be using heterodox if
you own or are maintaining or
contributing to a C or C++ project start
using header doc today if you're not
already we will then have a universal
approach to reference across the system
and and it'll be the best for everyone
we really want to support objective-c of
course we we have at each step added
functionality ahead of duck based on
what we needed at that moment as cocoa
becomes a reality on 10 we're very
interested in adding Objective C a
number of our people in the Darwin
community have expressed interest in
doing this
Matt's a really busy guy right now and
he's actually doing the code also to put
the the editing the documentation
viewing and editing into project builder
so we're not gonna get Objective C in
for a little while and if you're someone
who knows or would like to learn perl
and is interested in that you could
really help us out join the mailing list
you can go to list a pecan or to the
document or to the Darwins site and find
out about the mailing list and finally
matt showed how you can do this in Mac
OS 10 and project builder we want to
make a push button so that you don't
have to go and and add in your own build
phase stuff that will happen in the near
future next we have as an area that we
cover in the Darwin documentation
project or how to documents so these are
different from header doc in that who
provides them as tends to be different
in header dockets almost always the the
engineer who created the code who
provides the header doc with how to
documents anyone who has the knowledge
can and is encouraged to provide a how
to document these are typically
self-contained small articles from one
to ten pages there's no particular
restriction you can make it as long as
you want that's the standard they solve
a particular problem or tell you how to
get your job done in a particular aspect
of the
system and we'll get into some examples
later what we have and some of the ones
that would be useful to add and they're
authored in docbook xml so a lot of
people have heard about xml maybe
they've used a bit for their system but
they haven't necessarily seen how it's
how it was intended to be used
originally and we can go into that and
how we use it
so docbook xml is the industry standard
xml definition for technical
publications so the idea with XML is
that each industry would come up with
its own set of tags specific to that
industry the medical industry is doing
this for billing etc well probably the
most advanced set of XML tags in the
world is a doc look for exactly the kind
of stuff that we do XML is structured
information which we'll get to in a
minute and there is if you are
interested in trying to venture into XML
and learn what this is all about there's
a lot of information in the Darwin
documentation how-to in the how-to site
and the the only problem there is that
the tools for XML the the editing tools
for XML aren't quite there yet if you
remember with HTML it took two three
years before they were good HTML editors
and XML is much harder to create an
editor force so there are lots of
editors in progress but there are there
aren't any that are gonna solve all your
problems and we're more interested in
getting the information if you have a
how-to in you if you have information
that other Darwyn developers or system
administrators or users should know
about we just want the information so if
if you don't want to get into XML or if
you if you venture into it and find it's
a little murky just go ahead and email
to me your document or to the Darwin
developer list we will turn it into XML
for you and add it to the project so
let's get into some of the detail of XML
and how it's different from HTML which
you may be familiar with HTML has
formatting based tags so your tag will
say this word is italic this word is
bold this word is an h1 but it won't say
why it's italic and won't say why it's
bold
so processing tools
do anything with it they can't change
the formatting based on the output or do
anything with it
XML is exactly the opposite it only
tells about the content of the tags it
does not say what to do with it so for
instance in a Darwin documentation how
to you have a title of the document the
title is clearly named title you have a
first name of the author you have the
email address of the author so
absolutely nothing is said about how to
process this that comes later other
tools will come along take a look at
these and process them and we'll show
you how that works this is a very
important difference it takes people a
little while to get used to the effect
is to turn your document into a mini
database the other very important
aspects of XML and really in my opinion
the reason that XML is taking off in the
world are that the tags are hierarchical
and closed now HTML has a little of both
of these the problem is it's not strict
about it so it doesn't help very much so
for instance a paragraph tag in HTML
does not have to be closed some browsers
make you close list items some don't and
so it you don't know how your document
is going to work in different browsers
until you just try it in XML this never
happens is an absolute rule tags must be
closed so to take a reasonably
sophisticated little block of XML from a
how to document the revision history so
there's a revision history section each
revision gets a comment and such this is
has an opening tag rev history and a
closing tag Rev history everything else
will be inside there each revision has
an opening revision tag and a closing
revision tag then for each piece of
information about that revision it has
an opening clag and a closing tag so we
have the revision number we have the
date of the revision and finally any
comment we want to create for this
revision so this is a great example of
how a tool goes through this and figures
out what to do with it the writer
doesn't say anything but here's the
information that I'm providing to you
one of the things people find when they
hit doc book is doc book is a very
mature set of XML tags and it tries to
do every
things so you can create facts with
docbook you can create books you can
create articles you can create lots of
other things and that that means there
are so many tags that people get
overwhelmed and they don't know what to
do
the trick is ignore them you only need
in order to author a doc a Darwin
documentation how to document to know
about 10 tags now to be honest at the
top and bottom of the document there are
a few more tags in that like the Reb
history there you just want to copy
those from the template that we give you
on the site and and don't worry just
fill in the information you don't need
to remember the tags or anything
the only tags you actually need to know
when you're providing information are
about about 10 this is a good sample of
them so how do what a section is a title
a paragraph a couple different kinds of
Lists how to List code and URLs that's
about all you need to know so it really
you just grab our template that we have
on the site that gives you all the tags
you need to know you don't need to worry
about any of the others I'd like to have
Matt come up again and show us a demo of
this
okay so Ron talked about the nested
nature of XML here's a document this is
the Darwin doc how to document a
document that describes how to create
these how to documents and and as he
mentioned here's that revision history
block and other standard blocks like
that abstract something that more like
what you would be doing is these section
blocks this is the fact section we'll
see this once we generate the HTML
question answer it has a title and a
paragraph and a section indicator okay
just as with heterodox you can build the
stuff in project builder but it's more
likely that you'll be doing this on the
command line so the command that we use
this XSLT proc which is a command that
applies an XSL file to the XML file the
XSL file provides the formatting
actually it's more than that it
it's a transformations file that takes
the XML that is just defined in terms of
semantics you know this is a title or
this is an email address and applies
format to it beyond that it can do other
transformations and we'll see that the
one that we're using is doc book
and we're going to process the Darwin
how-to and redirect the output to a file
and it'll be HTML by the time this is
done okay and we can open that how to
file
okay so this is that XML now transformed
into HTML and things like the title are
just applied formats applied to them
that things like the email address the
transformation is to create a mail to
link as well as to format it in a
specific way and then our input XML
document did not have a table of
contents this was extracted by XSLT proc
and the XSL Transformation file by
looking at the structure of the document
and extracting the upper and lower level
headings and making them into links also
we've got URLs that are now hot and
here's this question-and-answer section
that we were looking at the titles the
questions and the formatted answers
history section 1 distress all right
yeah so just wanted to stress here here
are the revision history tags that the
writer provided here is the output as
you can see this the the XSL tool has
done something completely different with
them it's created a sophisticated table
if you've ever done your own table
editing and you know HTML you know it's
quite a pain in this case the writer
didn't even know is going to be a table
and there you have it so that's what a
great power of using this process okay
thank you
so we go back to slides on both please
so our goals for how to documents well
the we started the heterodox project
quite a while ago and that's going very
well
all of i/o kit is in heterodox and many
other projects are begin to do that many
other companies throughout the software
industry even totally unrelated to
Darwin are beginning to use header dot
because they I mean yeah yeah heterodox
because they find it to be a really
valuable tool how to documents we just
got going in the last couple of months
and our goal is to document all common
tasks so anyone coming to Darwin to help
develop it administrate it whatever has
a place to go and find a quick
explanation of the various things they
need to know so a great example of this
is and it's up there now how to build
Darwin we will have next week going up
how to be a Darwin developer we also and
this is really important to us want to
cover all the common driver families so
we'd like to have a how-to for each
driver family you can go to that gives
you the lowdown on what you should be
sub classing and what you need to expect
when you're working with that finally
very important to the community and
important Apple to is that there are a
lot of topics that our writers at Apple
are not necessarily the best people to
provide information for and we're all
really excited to see that the Darwin is
up on Intel that a huge number of people
have downloaded it for Intel but to be
absolutely honest those of us sitting in
Apple offices are not necessarily the
best to provide you information on how
to use it on Intel so this is a great
opportunity for people in the community
to provide information for those Darwin
users who need it and we'd love to see
some of this so if there's anything you
know like that that'd be great to
contribute finally we have our last
section of documentation that the Darwin
documentation project covers that's Man
pages as if you've done any development
whatsoever on a UNIX system you know man
pages are critical for Darwin
development if you've done any
development on our system you know man
pages are maybe not in the state that we
would like to be them in right now so
this is a major focus for the next
couple of months for us and what we're
working on is of course we want to have
a complete set of accurate
useful man pages and how we're getting
there is a few years ago it made sense
at the time to take the man pages and
put them into a documentation project
that a writer would maintain and we we
ended up separating them in the code
from the projects that they were
documenting this turns out maybe not to
at least at this point have been such a
great idea and the result is we have
some stagnant man pages that need a lot
of updating and the engineers have kind
of gotten out of the habit of keeping
their own man page up-to-date so we need
to explode this project get the man
pages back next to their commands where
they belong get the engineers updating
them we need to clean off a lot of old
bugs we really need to get back into
staying in sync with our upstream main
pages so we need in particular to be
working closely with the BSc people get
the bsd freebsd main pages in there and
get that cleaned up and that's so again
the next whole month's a major focus for
us and we'll be seeing that that's
something we primarily we will be
providing some goals and guidelines for
people doing their own commands on how
to keep up a man page but the rest of
that's primarily something we need to do
at Apple on Mac OS 10 we're gonna
provide Mac HTML display the man pages
in project builder along with the rest
of the documentation we're also
considering and this is something unlike
we'd like to get input on maybe during
the Q&A or if you send email or anything
we're considering doing like open BSD
and some of the others and putting up on
the Darwins site of full HTML version of
the man pages that you can search and
navigate through and where that goes on
our priority list depends on how much
people want it we're not totally sure so
now we get to what might be really
interesting for some of you what actual
documentation do we have at this point
first of all you should be aware that at
this time there's there's two sort of
places to go when you're dealing with
Darwen related information one of course
is the Darwin site the other though is
the ABC Mac os10 website where we have a
whole kernel page of information that
you may or may not be aware of this
includes pointers to Iook at header doc
I get tutorials conceptual docs etc in
fact as of this week is a great thing to
go and check out we have the first part
of our i/o kit fundamentals
explaining the whole system we have
brand new information about USB and hid
up on the website and that's a great
place to check it out we have how-to
documents so the Darwin developed how to
be a Darwin developer we'll get up next
week building Darwin is there now some
general ones like setting your Intel
screen resolution and then of course the
Darwin documentation how to which can
contains quite a lot of information on
all the stuff we're talking about today
tools you can use what you need to know
etc we are working on we have tutorials
now kernel and i/o kit and packaging and
such tutorials we're doing a revision of
these to include versioning information
these should be up in the next week or
two what we're working on well as you
can see we're starting to bridge the gap
between Darwin and Mac os10
in terms of this information so we're no
longer thinking of i/o kit documentation
and such as separate from Darwin its
documenting Darwin technology's an
important point there though is this
doesn't mean that everyone has to be a
Darwin developer or go to the Darwin
site to get our information this is how
we're developing the doc this is how
we're making it our processes available
letting people have more information
about what we're doing when we
distribute IO kit documentation or
anything else like that it will go to
all the standard places it will go to
the standard developer CDs and up on the
website and all the normal places etc so
the Darwin process is just an
opportunity for us to let you get closer
to the documentation see what we're
doing and contribute if you want to
we're doing the aisle kit fundamentals
book that I've mentioned a couple times
really critical book go and check out
the first part of it we're gonna be
getting this up as rapidly as we can to
give you the whole picture of the i/o
kit and written by Terry Donahue is the
same person who did the system overview
book for Mac OS 10 that you saw a year
or two ago so we know it's gonna be
really good and in addition to more
cookbooks of course we're continually
working on more header overage this is
what we like to call open source
opportunities you might also call it
it's not there yet so this is all stuff
we'll get to someday but we would love
it if people who know as much or more
than we do
in the community could contribute in
these areas so please if you're someone
who has information and kernel
programming or debugging architecture
VFS kernel extension network kernel
extensions make a note of it think about
doing a how to contact us you know email
the Darwin developer list email me and
of course heterodox coverage in your own
projects and if you see as Tory did
something heterodox missing and
something that you know a lot about and
you could spend an hour and provide it
and help everyone else out a lot that
would be really great so if you don't
know the stuff on that list well at but
you'd like to contribute join the Darwin
developer list we don't have a special
documentation list at this point because
we want everyone to feel included so
join the Darwin development list ask
what people need see what people are
talking about see if there's something
that you can contribute to write a
how-to document to document and in
particular as I said if you need to just
send me the HTML the RTF whatever it is
I'll turn it into XML for you so on any
of issue related to the Darwin
documentation project you can contact me
or send email to the darn developers
list for header doc and such you can
contact Matt even better a send email to
the hetero doc developers mailing list
which you can also join
you